{Custom Trip Planning for Family- We’re ready to plan when you are! Please provide 
us with the details on the family trip you are considering, and we’ll match you 
with a Family Travel Advisor who will reach out to set up a time to talk over 
your wish list and how we work. Our Advisors can help you determine if our service 
is a good fit for you. They can brainstorm destination ideas with you, work with 
you to design a custom itinerary or simply book a campsite, cabin or RV stay 
for your family. We look forward to helping you make amazing family memories!}
{E-Guides- Based on my personal experience on these trails, my affordable, expert 
trip e-guides focus on details like the best time of year to do a hike, the best 
strategy for avoiding crowds on popular hikes, the best direction of travel on a 
hike, the tricks I’ve learned for obtaining a popular backcountry permit, and 
planning a day-to-day itinerary that hits the highlights, lands the best campsites, 
and is appropriate for everyone involved. That makes your hike more enjoyable and 
safer.  My skills-focused, how-to e-guides share my expertise acquired over more 
than three decades of planning, taking, and writing about backpacking and other 
adventures.  Filled with unique and thorough advice that draws on first-hand 
knowledge, my e-guides will tell you everything you need to know to make your 
trip a success.}
{Backpacking- Nothing like a long trip, and backpacking is just that.  You get to 
get out into the woods, test your strength and endurance all the while going into 
the unspoiled wilderness we still have left on this Earth.  We plan the trip and 
offer expert guidance as well as set up check in stations and resupply.  If this 
is a trip along the Rocky Mountains, or along the Pacific coast, we got you covered.  
Everything from planning, gear, and even advice on the level of trek you are ready 
for.  Just contact us and our expert advisors will get you out into the wild as 
you have never seen it before.}
{Custom Trip Planning for Couple-  Planning a romantic getaway, need some time alone, 
or time to reconnect, leave this to us.  We’re ready to plan when you are! Please provide 
us with the details on the romantic couple trip you are considering, and we’ll match you 
with a Travel Advisor who will reach out to set up a time to talk over 
your wish list and how we work. Our Advisors can help you determine if our service 
is a good fit for you. They can brainstorm destination ideas with you, work with 
you to design a custom itinerary or simply book a campsite, cabin or RV stay 
for your family. We look forward to helping you make amazing family memories!}
{Custom Trip Planning for Corporate Retreat-  Need an adventure for team building, 
or to refresh the creative juices in your team mates.  Nothing helps more then to 
get out and reconnect with the natural world, to get away from the desk and shake 
up the environment with a health environment like the wilds. We’re ready to plan 
when you are! Please provide us with the details on the family trip you are 
considering, and we’ll match you with a Corporate Travel Advisor who will reach 
out to set up a time to talk over your wish list and how we work. Our Advisors 
can help you determine if our service is a good fit for you. They can brainstorm 
destination ideas with you, work with you to design a custom itinerary or simply 
book a campsite, cabin or RV stay for your family. We look forward to helping you
 make amazing family memories!}